Global variables & Variables from tests (#6023)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/synthetics/api_tests/_index.md

If a test fails, the uptime directly considers the endpoint as `down`. It is not re-tested until the next test run.

### Use variables

> You can use the [variables defined in the `Settings`][3] in the URL, Advanced Options and in the assertions of your API tests. To display your list of variables, you need to type in `{{` in the field of interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [variables defined in the `Settings`][3] in the URL, Advanced Options, and in the assertions of your API tests. To display your list of variables, type `{{` in your desired field.
```
